To determine whether the full each method exists on our browser, we can use the console, we can write
a bit of JavaScript.
So let's open up Chrome.
Which is what I'm doing here, and let's access the console.
And very few people are going to know this, so call this a protest.
They are two different places.
We can write JavaScript within Chrome.
The first and most obvious places in the console, for example, we can console log Hi Wally, and as
we would expect, that would return high quality to the console.
This is where most people go to write JavaScript, but it can be cumbersome because we have to execute
each line of code line by line.
There's a better way, a more fun and intuitive, and a just a better way.
Where do we go?
Well, on the source's tab.
And within the Sources tab, we can create what they call a new snippet.
And we can call a file anything, let's call it.
Native support tastes.
Because that's what we're doing now, how do we test whether the for each method exists?
Well, the first thing you need to know is that the for each method exists on the prototype of every
single array.
What this means is that when we create an array automatically has access to all the methods and properties
attached to that prototype, of which one of them should be the for each method.
So let's just test whether the for each returns undefined because if it does return undefined, it means
that it doesn't have support for a browser doesn't know what it is.
So one way to do this, and in many ways, I understand that I'm just doing a quick and dirty method.
We access the array object.
We access its prototype.
And on that prototype, it should be a for each method if it is natively supported, and that should
not return undefined.
And if it does return undefined, we know that it doesn't exist.
Now there are two ways we can run this JavaScript.
You can push, control, enter on your keyboard or we can click the place on.
So I'm just going to click the place on.
And there we go.
It returns true.
It means that the for each is not equal to undefined.
And there you have it that we've just confirmed that the four each is natively supported on my current
version of Chrome.
OK, so we've seen our browser does support the for each method, it's on every single array that we
create and it's on the prototype of the array.
But in order to illustrate what a polypill is, let's just pretend that our browser is so old that it
doesn't know the for each function.
So going forward, just put that at the back of your mind.
Let's just pretend that it actually is undefined before each method so it doesn't exist on our browser.
Cool.
I think that's enough of this lecture.
We've gone through a lot in a short space of time and the next feature, let's start building this party
for.